hey killing in there done that got the
t-shirt do you get sick of these
constant Star Wars references how many
times a day would someone talk to you
about Star Wars here uncountable times
yes are you ready to see some dodgy
slave layers because they're out there
what dodgy slave leias people have no
right and wearing the slave leia costume
but they don't mind they get it out
there I totally unfamiliar with the
terminology but I so I have no idea what
you're talking about just say yes yes
yes and no now I know that you have been
never done a sci-fi film before so it
must have been quite out of your depth
this found matter to me whether it's
sci-fi or cowboys and Indians or cops
and robbers what I'm looking for is a
good story in a good part to play in it
do you think sometimes with these big
films they sacrifice spectacle ever
story because this seems to have both
well I think they indulged spectacle
sometimes over story and that's I think
what you know the biggest danger is
losing human scale so over
overcomplicating either with special
effects overcomplicating or just
indulging in kinetics beyond you know
human experience and then I think you
lose your way in it a bit why do you
think this book has been so popular for
so long so timeless were the messages
and themes in there because the themes
are basic themes of morality and
responsibility and conscience and all of
the things that help us to think about
her ourselves and grow up seems very apt
for today as well cool high five yeah
thanks have fun